Update Infrastructure UI documentation with metric definitions (#210)
elastic/stack-docs: docs/en/infraops/installation.asciidoc

* {filebeat-ref}/filebeat-input-docker.html[{filebeat} `docker` input]
* {filebeat-ref}/add-kubernetes-metadata.html[{filebeat} `add_kubernetes_metadata` processor]

[float]
==== Which fields are used for the metrics on the map?

> ===== Host Metrics

Reviewer: You need a float tag before this heading, or the doc build fails.

*CPU Usage*:: Average of `system.cpu.user.pct` added to the average of `system.cpu.system.pct` divided by `system.cpu.cores`

*Memory Usage*:: Average of `system.memory.actual.used.pct`

*Load*:: Average of `system.load.5`

*Inbound Traffic*:: Derivative of the max of `system.netowrk.in.bytes` scaled to a 1 second rate

*Outbound Traffic*:: Derivative of the max of `system.netowrk.out.bytes` scaled to a 1 second rate

*Log Rate*:: Derivative of the cumulative sum of the document count scaled to a 1 second rate, this metric relies on the same indices as the logs.

> ===== Docker Container Metrics

Reviewer: needs float tag

*CPU Usage*:: Average of `docker.cpu.total.pct`

*Memory Usage*:: Average of `docker.memory.usage.pct`

*Inbound Traffic*:: Derivative of the max of `docker.network.in.bytes` scaled to a 1 second rate

*Outbound Traffic*:: Derivative of the max of `docker.network.out.bytes` scaled to a 1 second rate

> ===== Kubernetes Pod Metrics

Reviewer: needs float tag

* {filebeat-ref}/filebeat-input-docker.html[{filebeat} `docker` input]
* {filebeat-ref}/add-kubernetes-metadata.html[{filebeat} `add_kubernetes_metadata` processor]

[float]
==== Which fields are used for the metrics on the map?

> 

Author: @dedemorton I feel like there should be some text here but I'm not sure what it should be. Maybe something about how using Beat Shippers listed above automatically sends these fields. Along with these fields, documents must also contain the identifying fields for each node type (host, container, pod).

Reviewer: Yes. In fact, you need to have text here, or the doc build fails.

* {filebeat-ref}/filebeat-input-docker.html[{filebeat} `docker` input]
* {filebeat-ref}/add-kubernetes-metadata.html[{filebeat} `add_kubernetes_metadata` processor]

[float]
==== Which fields are used for the metrics on the Infrastructue home page?

> The metrics listed below are provided by the Beat Shippers above. Each system type also requires their coresponding identy field to be in the same event document..

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The metrics listed below are provided by the Beats Shippers. Each system type requires their corresponding identity field to be in the same event document:
```

* Hosts require `host.name`
* Docker containers require `container.id`
* Kibernetes pods require `kibernetes.pod.uid`

[float]
===== Host Metrics

*CPU Usage*:: Average of `system.cpu.user.pct` added to the average of `system.cpu.system.pct` divided by `system.cpu.cores`

*Memory Usage*:: Average of `system.memory.actual.used.pct`

*Load*:: Average of `system.load.5`

*Inbound Traffic*:: Derivative of the max of `system.netowrk.in.bytes` scaled to a 1 second rate

*Outbound Traffic*:: Derivative of the max of `system.netowrk.out.bytes` scaled to a 1 second rate

> *Log Rate*:: Derivative of the cumulative sum of the document count scaled to a 1 second rate, this metric relies on the same indices as the logs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*Log Rate*:: Derivative of the cumulative sum of the document count scaled to a 1 second rate.
This metric relies on the same indices as the logs.
```
